
                                                        
                                                        
                                                         The MYLogin Bible:


1. Getting Started:

This manual will serve as a quick guide to using the MYLogin CLI, mainly for beginners unfamiliar with the command line. 
To start, we must ensure an installation of a given Python3 exists on the local device that MYLogin will run on. 
To start the application navigate to the local directory in which the MYLogin folder and do as follows:

my_username:~$ cd <directory>/MYLogin
my_username:~$ python3 -m login

NOTE: 

Do not modify the naming conventions of any Folders (i.e. Data/Backups/Logs) as it sets these as predefined names within source code.
Will modify this in the future but for now don't modify any folder or datafile names.

2. System Design:

This utility uses various folders to store data and perform operations. Data contains both user information and actual login credentials.
Backups is a folder dedicated to storing user defined data backups with timestamps. The Logs folder is primarily concerned with detailing documentation 
and is accessed while using the utility(read logs are enabled by default). It specifically logs any user made changes regarding the data stored. Addtionally Bash scripts are provided
for the sake of convience.


3. Common Errors:

Here is a list of errors and the documentation behind them:

error: file not found - indicates that the file that user is attempting to restore from does not exist within Backups folder

error: could not locate client - client information could not be found, therefore it does not exist in current repository of names

fatal: invalid JSON format (filename.json) - occurs when given JSON file is not formatted correctly and cannot be parsed. For reference, use to default github JSON files or reformat manually

error: file restore error - file is not in a supported format (i.e. file is not JSON and uses an unknown or invalid extension)

